Frozen-2
frozen is an american fantasy film produced by walt disney animation studios. It is the 58th animated film produced.
The film is directed by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee with a screenplay by Jennifer Lee. A story from Chris Buck,
Jennifer Lee Marc E, Smith, Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Robert Lopez. Starring ,Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Josh Gad and Jonathan Groff.

Maleficent (Mistress O f Evil)
Maleficent:Mistress Of Evil is an american dark fantasy adventure film produced by walt disney pictures. 
The film is directed by Joachim Rønning. A story based on characters from:Disney's Sleeping Beauty, La Belle au bois dormant by Charles Perrault. 
Starring Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Sam Riley, Ed Skrein, Imelda Staunton, Juno Temple, Lesley Manville and Michelle Pfeiffer.
The film was awarded with an Academy Award nomination at the 92nd Academy Awards for Best Makeup and Hairstyling.

Avengers Endgame
Avengers Endgame is an 2019 American superhero film based on Marvel comics. It is produced by Marvel Studios.
The film is directed by Anthony Russo, Joe Russo with a screenplay Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely.
Starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renne, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Brie Larson, Karen Gillan
Danai Gurira, Benedict Wong, Jon Favreau, Bradley Cooper, Gwyneth Paltrow and Josh Brolin. 
The film received numerous awards and nominations for Best Visual Effects at the 92nd Academy Awards, 
three nominations, at the 25th Critics' Choice Awards and a nomination for Special Visual Effects at the 73rd British Academy Film Awards.

Airaa
Airaa is a 2019 Indian tamil horror film written and directed by KM Sarjun with a screenplay by Priyanka Ravindran. 
The film is produced by Kotapadi J Rajesh under KJR Studios
Starring Nayanthara, Kalaiyarasan and Yogi Babu.

Dabar
Dabar is a 2020 Indian tamil action thriller film directed by A. R. Murugadoss with a screenplay by AR Murugadoss. Starring Rajinikanth, Nayanthara, Nivetha Thomas
and Sunil Shetty.
